"Be the change that you wish to see in the world." -Mahatma Gandhi
"Everybody is a genius. But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid." -Albert Einstein
"I hated every minute of training, but I said, 'Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion." -Muhammad Ali
"Where there is ruin, there is hope for a treasure." -Rumi
"Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree." -Martin Luther
"The power of imagination makes us infinite." -John Muir
"Ask for what you want and be prepared to get it!" -Maya Angelou
"If you think you are too small to make a difference, try sleeping with a mosquito." -Dalai Lama XIV
"The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra.”- Jimmy Johnson
"Life is like a steering wheel, it only takes one small move to change your entire direction." -Kellie Elmore
"Today’s accomplishments were yesterday’s impossibilities." -Robert H. Schuller
“Never let success go to your head, never let failure get to your heart." -Beyonce
"We have two lives, and the second one begins when we realize we only have one." -Confucius
"The best way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." -Walt Disney
“To succeed in life, you need three things: a wishbone, a backbone, and a funny bone.” - Reba McEntire
"Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago." -Warren Buffett
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." -Winston Churchill
"If I cannot do great things, I can do small things in a great way." —Martin Luther King, Jr.
"Don't sit down and wait for the opportunities to come. Get up and make them." —Madam C.J. Walker, American entrepreneur and activist
"I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination." —Jimmy Dean
"It is often the small steps, not the giant leaps, that bring about the most lasting change." —Queen Elizabeth II
"In the long run, you make your own luck — good, bad, or indifferent." —Loretta Lynn
"If my mind can conceive it, if my heart can believe it, then I can achieve it." —Muhammad Ali
"Believe you can and you're halfway there." —Theodore Roosevelt
"Never limit yourself because of others’ limited imagination; never limit others because of your own limited imagination" —Mae Jemison, American engineer
"The people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do." —Steve Jobs
"Nothing is impossible. The word itself says 'I'm possible!'" —Audrey Hepburn
"Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars." —Norman Vincent Peale, American clergyman
"There is nothing impossible to they who will try." —Alexander the Great
"Champions keep playing until they get it right." —Billie Jean King, American tennis player
"We will fail when we fail to try." —Rosa Parks
"A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new." —Albert Einstein
"If you're not postive energy, then you are negative energy." —Mark Cuban
"What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals." —Zig Ziglar
"Remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it." —Henry Ford
"The significant problems we face, cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them." -Albert Einstein
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then is not an act, but a habit." -Aristotle
"Happiness is the desire and ability to sacrifice what we want now for what we want eventually." -Unknown
